feat!: Adds `Newsletter` and its child components (#2189)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/components/organisms/newsletter.mdx

---

> description: The Newsletter component is a section with at least one input text with an action which its value could be submitted..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Newsletter component is a section with at least one input text with an action allowing users to submit their input.
```

    newsletterProps,
    newsletterAddendumProps,
    newsletterContentProps,
    newsletterFormProps,
    newsletterHeaderProps,
  ] = getComponentPropsFrom(newsletterPath, components)
  return {
    props: {
      // We add an `ssg` field to the page props,
      // which will be provided to the Nextra `useSSG` hook.
      ssg: {
        newsletterProps,
        newsletterAddendumProps,
        newsletterContentProps,
        newsletterFormProps,
        newsletterHeaderProps,
      },
    },
  }
}

export const NewsletterPropsSection = ({ component }) => {
  // Get the data from SSG, and render it as a component.
  const {
    newsletterProps,
    newsletterAddendumProps,
    newsletterContentProps,
    newsletterFormProps,
    newsletterHeaderProps,
  } = useSSG()
  return {
    Newsletter: <PropsSection propsList={newsletterProps} />,
    NewsletterAddendum: <PropsSection propsList={newsletterAddendumProps} />,
    NewsletterContent: <PropsSection propsList={newsletterContentProps} />,
    NewsletterForm: <PropsSection propsList={newsletterFormProps} />,
    NewsletterHeader: <PropsSection propsList={newsletterHeaderProps} />,
  }[component]
}

<header>

# Newsletter

> The Newsletter component is a section with at least one input text with an action which its value could be submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Newsletter component is a section with at least one input text with an action allowing users to submit their input.
```

</header>

## Import

Import the components from [@faststore/ui](/../components)

```tsx
import {
  Newsletter,
  NewsletterAddendum,
  NewsletterContent,
  NewsletterForm,
  NewsletterHeader,
} from '@faststore/ui'
```

> Import Styles
> 
> ```tsx
> import '@faststore/ui/src/components/organisms/Newsletter/styles.scss'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Import Styles into your FastStore project

To apply the styles of this component in your FastStore project, import the following into your stylesheet:

```scss copy
@import '@faststore/ui/src/components/organisms/Newsletter/styles.scss';
```

Follow the instructions in the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](/docs/customizing/importing-styles-to-faststore-ui-components) tutorial.
```

Reviewer: Updating to our new format. (The suggestion tool is not working as expected here), but here is the suggestion:

### Import Styles into your FastStore project

To apply the styles of this component in your FastStore project, import the following into your stylesheet:

```scss copy
@import '@faststore/ui/src/components/organisms/Newsletter/styles.scss';
```

Follow the instructions in the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](/docs/customizing/importing-styles-to-faststore-ui-components) tutorial.

</Tabs>

---

## Props

### Newsletter

<NewsletterPropsSection component="Newsletter" />

### NewsletterAddendum

<NewsletterPropsSection component="NewsletterAddendum" />

### NewsletterContent

<NewsletterPropsSection component="NewsletterContent" />

### NewsletterForm

<NewsletterPropsSection component="NewsletterForm" />

### NewsletterHeader

<NewsletterPropsSection component="NewsletterHeader" />

---

## Design Tokens

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-padding-mobile"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-5)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-padding-desktop"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-9) 10%"
  />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-newsletter-border-radius" value="var(--fs-border-radius)" />
</TokenTable>

### Nested Elements

#### Title

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-title-size"
    value="var(--fs-text-size-title-section)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-title-weight"
    value="var(--fs-text-weight-bold)"
  />
</TokenTable>

#### Icon

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-newsletter-icon-size" value="var(--fs-spacing-5)" />
</TokenTable>

### Variants

#### Card

<Tabs items={['Example', 'Code']} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>

>     <OverviewSection>
>       <NewsletterUsage />
>     </OverviewSection>
>     <OverviewSection>
>       <NewsletterUsage card />
>     </OverviewSection>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <OverviewSection>
      <NewsletterUsage card/>
    </OverviewSection>
    <OverviewSection>
      <NewsletterUsage />
    </OverviewSection>
```

Reviewer: The examples and code were misplaced.

  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-light-text-color"
    value="var(--fs-color-text-display)"
  />
</TokenTable>

#### Accent

<Tabs items={['Example', 'Code']} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
    <OverviewSection>
      <NewsletterUsage colorVariant="accent" />
    </OverviewSection>
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```tsx
    <Newsletter card={false} colorVariant="light">
      <NewsletterForm onSubmit={() => null}>
        <NewsletterHeader
          icon={<Icon name="Envelope" />}
          title="Get News and Special Offers!"
          description="Receive our news and promotions in advance. Enjoy and get 10% off your first purchase. For more information click here."
        />
        <NewsletterContent>
          <NewsletterAddendum addendum="By subscribing to our newsletter you agree to to our Privacy Policy." />
        </NewsletterContent>
      </NewsletterForm>
    </Newsletter>
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-accent-bkg-color"
    value="var(--fs-color-highlighted-bkg)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-newsletter-accent-text-color"
    value="var(--fs-newsletter-light-text-color)"
  />
</TokenTable>

---

> ## Customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customization

For further customization, you can use the following data attributes:
```
